{
  "artifact_id": "d5fd65dbbe4fc7c2d912e710",
  "doc_type": "md",
  "extracted_at_utc": "2026-03-01T14:39:34.387789Z",
  "file_mtime_utc": "2026-02-24T21:05:00.905970Z",
  "provenance": {
    "extractor_version": "2.0.0",
    "pipeline_version": "2.0.0",
    "project": "FCCPS AI Committee"
  },
  "sections": [
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0001.1",
      "text": "![](media/263b27b483b7dd2bd56574fceefef15a.png)\n\n**FCCPS AI Advisory Committee Agenda**\n\n**Date of Meeting:** Friday, January 23, 2026\n\n**Location of Meeting:** FCCPS School Board Office (Multi-Purpose Room)\n\n**Time of Meeting:** 8:30–9:30 AM (in-person). Pre-meeting level-set recorded 8:05–8:30 AM; recording ended \\~9:36 AM.\n\n-   Adoption of the Agenda\n-   Welcome & Introductions\n-   Adoption of the Minutes from the Previous Meeting (N/A – inaugural meeting)\n-   Public Comments (if any)\n-   Review of the School Board Charge\n-   School Board Liaison Report (Jerrod Anderson; Bethany Henderson)\n-   Division Staff Liaison Report (William Bates; Steve Knight)\n-   Topic/Action Item: Open-meeting requirements (Virginia FOIA / Sunshine Laws), records retention, and meeting minutes process\n-   Topic/Action Item: Committee workplan and collaboration approach (Miro board; resource intake; email etiquette; web form)\n-   Discussion of Future Action Items (vision/purpose, inputs, schedule, town halls, April School Board AI meeting deliverable)\n-   Adjournment\n\n![](media/263b27b483b7dd2bd56574fceefef15a.png)\n\n**FCCPS AI Advisory Committee Minutes**\n\n**Date of Meeting:** Friday, January 23, 2026"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0002.2",
      "text": "**Location of Meeting:** FCCPS School Board Office (Multi-Purpose Room)\n\n**Time of Meeting:** 8:30–\\~9:36 AM (in-person). Pre-meeting level-set recorded starting 8:05 AM."
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0003.3",
      "text": "| Members Present:<br>Members Absent:               | Members Present:<br>Co-Chairs: John Black (Chair); Adriana Palacios Bonarrigo (Vice Chair)<br>School Board Liaisons (non-voting): Jerrod Anderson; Bethany Henderson<br>Division Staff Liaisons: William Bates; Steve Knight<br>Committee Members (present): Elizabeth Chua; Anubav Vasudevan; Jillian Burkley; Tom Sabo; David Berol; Susan Nelson; Tina Beaty; Thomas Colvin<br>Board Attorney / FOIA guidance: Patricia Minson<br>Members Absent:<br>None noted.                           |\n|---------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|\n| **Item:**                                         | Notes:"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0004.4",
      "text": "|\n| Adoption of the Agenda                            | Agenda reviewed.<br>No objections noted; agenda adopted by consent.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |\n| Welcome & Introductions                           | Board liaisons welcomed members and confirmed the committee’s advisory role.<br>Co-chairs introduced a structured facilitation approach focused on usable drafts.<br>Members introduced themselves and shared pers"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0005.5",
      "text": "pectives on opportunities/risks of AI in K-12.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |\n| Adoption of the Minutes from the Previous Meeting | N/A – inaugural meeting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |\n| Public Comments                                   | No public comments were offered."
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0006.6",
      "text": "|\n| Review of the School Board Charge                 | Charge framed as synthesizing best practices, learning from other districts, and incorporating general public input.<br>Parallel input streams noted: staff/teacher working group, student input process, standing committees, and upcoming public town halls.<br>Committee deliverable: recommendations (and suggested policy language elements) for the April School Board meeting dedicated to AI.                                                                                         |\n| School Board Liaison Report                       | Open-meeting expectations emphasized (Virginia FOIA / Sunshine Law): avoid multi-member email threads and real-time back-and-forth outside noticed meetings.<br>Broadcast communications allowed (e.g., agenda distribution) but reply-all discouraged.<br>Additional meetings or extensions may be scheduled in advance if needed."
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0007.7",
      "text": "|\n| Division Staff Liaison Report                     | Staff working group shared current work (Compass framing and AI readiness/integrity considerations).<br>Teacher and student feedback mechanisms described (surveys/focus groups) to inform professional development and guidance.<br>Need reinforced for practical tools and training to support staff implementation.                                                                                                                                                                        |\n| Topic/Action Item                                 | Meeting minutes and records: required elements of minutes reviewed (date/time/location, members present, summary of matters proposed/deliberated/decided, and any votes).<br>AI transcription (Otter AI) discussed: permitted, but minutes must remain concise and accurate; committee reviews/approves minutes at the next meeting.<br>Records-retention implications noted: AI transcripts/recordings can increase FOIA/FERPA burden; balance transparency with administrative feasibility. |\n| Topic/Action Item                                 | Collaboration tools: Miro board introduced for organizing resources and"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0008.8",
      "text": "displaying work products.<br>Constraint confirmed: members should not co-edit a shared board asynchronously; view-only access recommended; contributions routed 1:1 to co-chairs (or via web form).<br>Email etiquette discussed: avoid reply-all; maintain a clear contact list; use a web form to intake resources/ideas safely.                                                                                    |\n| Discussion of Future Action Items                 | Co-chairs to solicit purpose/vision inputs and compile for synthesis.<br>Members to complete “My User Manual” and an assessment of dominant logic/Competing Values (as shared by co-chairs).<br>Members encouraged to attend district AI town halls as listeners and to recruit community participation.<br>Target: recommendations prepared for April School Board AI meeting.                                                                                                               |\n| Adjournment                                       | Meeting concluded at approximately 9:36 AM. No votes were taken."
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0009.9",
      "text": "|"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [],
      "section_id": "sec_0010.10",
      "text": "**Action Items (captured from discussion)**\n\n-   **John Black:** Draft and send a 1:1 email (or web form) to collect members’ purpose/vision responses and other inputs for synthesis.\n-   **John Black:** Create a web form to collect ideas/resources from committee members and distribute it to members.\n-   **Co-Chairs:** Maintain the committee Miro board; post submitted resources; provide individual “spaces” for contributors (view-only for members).\n-   **Bethany Henderson / Jerrod Anderson:** Send committee orientation materials, initial framing/scoping document, and public statement to members by email.\n-   **FCCPS Staff Liaisons:** Share the district Compass document and the staff readiness survey (and any available results) with the committee.\n-   **FCCPS Staff Liaisons:** Share staff working-group conclusions/observations about AI with the committee (overview presented to the group)."
    }
  ],
  "source_hash_sha256": "3a5405d05b4f4bedd25eeb0a422f1a378a561d056a3c9ccf5cb68b1f793c6e28",
  "source_rel_path": "Meetings/01 - Meeting 23-JAN-26/20260123_FCCPS_AI_Advisory_Committee_Agenda_and_Minutes.md",
  "title": "20260123 FCCPS AI Advisory Committee Agenda and Minutes"
}
