{
  "artifact_id": "67b2876c5cf99c25ba9a2d1f",
  "doc_type": "md",
  "extracted_at_utc": "2026-03-01T14:39:34.387789Z",
  "file_mtime_utc": "2026-02-14T15:40:51.803524Z",
  "provenance": {
    "extractor_version": "2.0.0",
    "pipeline_version": "2.0.0",
    "project": "FCCPS AI Committee"
  },
  "sections": [
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "1) Desired outcomes for this 15–20 min sync"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0001",
      "text": "- **Align on v0.1 structure**: keep the 3 deliverables + readiness checklist as the spine.\n- **Confirm/adjust the risk-tier model** so it works in real FCCPS usage and approval pathways.\n- **Translate “policy” into workflow**: who does what (IT / procurement / curriculum / SPED / legal / building leaders), and what triggers escalation.\n- **Select 3–5 committee “tradeoff questions”** to tee up for Meeting 4 (Thu 6 Mar).\n- **Decide how to use AIEIP excerpts** on the Miro board (scope, attribution, permission).\n\n---"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "2) Jillian’s v0.1 package — quick recap (what’s already strong)"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0002.1",
      "text": "**Deliverable 1 — Risk tiers (plain language + minimum requirements)**\n- **Tier 1 (Low)**: no student-identifiable data; building/department approval; inventory entry.\n- **Tier 2 (Moderate)**: anonymized/aggregated student data; DPA + retention; annual compliance review; IT + curriculum approval.\n- **Tier 3 (High)**: identifiable student data (accounts/logins, SIS/LMS integration, IEP/504); security assessment, bias assessment where relevant, human-in-the-loop for consequential decisions; semi-annual audit; district-level approval (IT + curriculum + admin + legal).\n- **SPED review layer**: heightened scrutiny regardless of tier; explicit consent + IDEA-informed protections when disability-related data involved.\n\n**Deliverable 2 — Procurement/governance decision checklist**\n- Step 1: classify tool (Tier 1/2/3 + SPED overlay)\n- Step 2: verify “must be true” items before adoption (cross-tier non-negotiables + tier-specific checks)"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "2) Jillian’s v0.1 package — quick recap (what’s already strong)"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0003.2",
      "text": "**Deliverable 3 — Top risks + mitigations + suggested owners**\n1) Unvetted tools handling student data  \n2) IEP/504 data exposure  \n3) Algorithmic bias in assessment/intervention  \n4) Tool proliferation without oversight  \n5) Vendor practice changes / downstream model-training risk\n\n**Readiness**: 3 guardrails + 3 tradeoffs + dependencies list.\n\n---"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "3) My “value add” on the call (proposed refinements)",
        "A) Keep 3 tiers, add two *escalators* so Tier 1/2 doesn’t under-cover real risk"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0004",
      "text": "- **Escalator 1: Integration** → if tool connects to **SIS/LMS/SSO** (or any identity-linked system), treat as **Tier 3 review** (even if vendor claims “anonymized”).\n- **Escalator 2: Consequence** → if tool influences **placement, grading, intervention, discipline, SPED decisions**, treat as **Tier 3 review** (high-impact use)."
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "3) My “value add” on the call (proposed refinements)",
        "B) Clarify Tier 1/2 boundaries around “student artifacts”"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0005",
      "text": "Student writing, images, audio, and project work can identify a student even without names. Suggest adding a Tier 1/2 note:\n- **“No student identifiers AND no student-generated artifacts that could reasonably re-identify a student, unless explicitly approved.”**"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "3) My “value add” on the call (proposed refinements)",
        "C) Make monitoring feasible (minimum viable, not perfect)"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0006",
      "text": "- Shift from “audit everything” to **a lightweight cadence**:\n  - Tier 2: annual vendor attestation + spot checks\n  - Tier 3: semi-annual review focused on **data handling + changes in terms + incident history**\n- Define “what counts” as monitoring evidence (change notice, breach notice, data deletion confirmation, subgroup outcome review when applicable)."
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "3) My “value add” on the call (proposed refinements)",
        "D) Add 2 missing tradeoffs that will surface anyway"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0007",
      "text": "- **District-provided vs BYO tools** (teacher experimentation vs enforceability)\n- **Data minimization vs instructional personalization** (value vs exposure)\n\n---"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "4) FCCPS realities to confirm (high-leverage questions)"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0008",
      "text": "1) **Who owns tool approval today** (and for non-AI tools)? What’s the actual intake path?\n2) Do we already have **DPA templates**, a security questionnaire, and a standard vendor process?\n3) Where will the **AI tool inventory** live, and who maintains it?\n4) What’s the current **records retention** posture for student-facing digital tools?\n5) What’s the best “systems/data flow” *starting sketch* (SIS, LMS, SSO, assessment, SPED platforms)?\n\n---"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "5) Using AIEIP excerpts without overloading the committee"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0009",
      "text": "**Why they help:** They supply *justification language* for guardrails (regulatory gaps, risk evidence, and core values like equity/transparency/accountability), plus an implementation lens (PD + governance + bias monitoring + stakeholder engagement).\n\n**How I’d recommend positioning on the Miro board**\n- Add as a **Resources** module with clear attribution + “excerpt” labeling.\n- Link to the **full capstone** only if Jillian consents (and we’re comfortable with visibility).\n- Translate DEIPAR into FCCPS-friendly language for committee-facing slides (e.g., “equity lens,” “multiple student identities,” “power/impact awareness”) while preserving the intent.\n\n---"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "6) Proposed division of labor (lightweight + sustainable)"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0010",
      "text": "- **Jillian**: continue drafting tiers/checklist/risk table and committee-facing tradeoff prompts.\n- **John**: pressure-test technical realism (integration + consequence escalators), convert dependencies into named owners/RACI placeholders, and draft a short “FCCPS workflow sketch” page.\n\n**Weekly rhythm (suggestion):** 1 async checkpoint + 1 short live touchpoint until March 6.\n\n---"
    },
    {
      "heading_path": [
        "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call",
        "7) Close-out question for today"
      ],
      "section_id": "sec_0011",
      "text": "“What are the **two decisions** we most need from the full committee on March 6—and what do we need from IT/procurement/legal *before* then to make those decisions real?”"
    }
  ],
  "source_hash_sha256": "95722b7df91d1b4ca963a1aa6b9a0949e3a4dd54d552323755bdbf029fc26918",
  "source_rel_path": "workstreams/dps/WS-DPS_Co-Lead_Sync_Pre-Brief_John-to-Jillian.md",
  "title": "WS-DPS Co-Lead Sync Pre-Brief (John → Jillian) — for today’s call"
}
